---
layout: post
title: "dinner"
author: "Jonas"
tags: nutrition
order: 4
---

The day's work is done, it's time to relax and have a good time. However, oftentimes the "good times" involve going to a restaurant, a bar, an event, etc., where food is not exactly what you want it to be. It might look tempting and smell great, but do you really want to fill up on chips, pizza and a beer before going to bed? For me the answer is no. However, I also don't want to be the person that cancels plans because the food is not what I want it to be. Or joining the group, but not ordering anything but a water. Might be slightly awkward.

My solution to this is that I have the bulk of my calories before the evening, so that all I need after that is a little snack to reach my caloric requirements. This way, the majority of my calories come from "good sources" during the day. So, when I go out with friends in the evening, I just order something small, without caring too much about how healthy the food is. It still requires some willpower to not go overboard on the chips that look so good right next to you, or to say no to the second beer. But I find myself being able to enjoy the evening much more knowing that my body is pretty much happy with the food it got earlier in the day, so I can simply enjoy the little something that I get in the evening.

This approach gives me a lot of flexibility, and I don't need to care too much about how healthy the food is. Only that it's a small portion. What seems like a limitation is actually freedom to me.

PS: If you cook at home and don't know what to have, try a soup or a salad. Enjoy!



